What is success? Different people have different ideas.You may say success is the realization of one's hopesand justified goals.Under such notion,however,people have different understanding of success because the hopes and goals they cherish vary from one another.
　　There may ba so mangy kinds of success in the world that i can't enumerate them all.So maybe it's difficult to set a defination for success.But ,in my opinion,it's easy to define what is failure---there is only one failure called never try.
　　Everyone has his dreams but not all of them dare to make it come true.Just like a huter aimed at his game but never fire or a soldier who crying out but never toward.They are afraid of failure that they might encounter.
　　That reminds me of a game we used to play.We put the chairs in a circle.And the player must pass through th barriers made by the chairs with his eyes covered up.He would be allowed to memorize the positions of the chairs.But as soon as his eyes is covered,we will remove all the chairs.
　　Sometimes,our life is just like such kind of game.We tried our best not to bump against the barriers.But these things turn out to be existing only in our minds.And sometimes,we made them for ourselves.We dare not to participate a competition or get cold feet to call the boy or girl we love.It turns out that the barriers we made for ourselves lead to the loss of a lot of things.
　　Don't give up trying untill you really bump against the chairs.Even so,at least you have a place to sit on.
　　Some people would say i tried but i failed to pass an exam or to find a job.I'am a failure .But on the contrary,i prefer to call these things setbacks instead of failures.There is no failure in a winner 's dictionary.
　　It doesn't matter i you have a tumble , what really matters is that you lose the courage to stand up and give it another try.The process is full of tears and pains.
　　Just look back on how we learn to walk when we are young.If we gave up easily,today we may only crawl .If Tomas Edison gave up easily in finding a proper material to make a bulb,maybe we will live in the darkness after the sunset.Perhaps we need some torches to go on with our competition.
　　I,myself,a shy person by nature who easily suffers from stage fright,had to get up my courage to take part in this speech contest like this.I could have stayed away and had an easy time of it by not coming here.But i chose to accept the challenge and to face the difficulties. Now here i am.I will try my best because i know i would broaden my horizon and make a lot of friends here.
　　I still remember the first time i sang a song at a party ,the first time talking to a foreign friends,the first time made a speech on the platform,etc.Although at first they almost scared me to death,but when it was over,i feel it's worthing trying.There is a saying goes,'people often regret what they didn't do instead of what they have done.'
　　Forrest Gump often says,'life is like a box of chacolate ,you never know what you are gonna get.' I would say if the chacolate you got is not your favourite.Don't get upset but try the next.